oh hell no he did not just text me he
working late that it's week uh-huh
you know what working late my ass if you
don't walk through that doing in this
half an hour he means when I can come
home tonight because I'm not gonna be
there waiting for his cheating ass oh
god you know I'm saying I'm there I will
be there waiting because but you don't
have to put up with a lot of from
me uh-huh and if he think he gonna do
this again he is sorely mistaken
oh that's my man just one chance
oh one and then after that you get one
more uh-huh and then after that he gonna
get three strikes it out okay I ever
find out my man was messing around on me
he better get his far with me as he
possibly can because he do not want to
get what I'm gonna give to him okay I've
got my real estate license
okay
but if then when he does go home that's
fine okay cuz he can go out and get all
turnt up with these little side hos and
whatnot cuz you know what bitch he
always gonna come home
alright okay I'm the queen bee and he
always don't come home no well I'll tell
you what happened if you do come home I
ain't gonna be pulling any that in
my house Oh God yeah he cut the house if
he wants to but he ain't never gonna do
that when I'm home all right you know
what even if I'm home
if I
you know I'm talking about okay cuz I
don't give a good goddamn okay that's
what I'm talking abut hang on Bing that
into my bedroom I'll tell you that
much right now cuz ain't no trifling-ass
nigga gonna wake me up while he's
cheating on me in my bed again
okay I told him I looked at right in the
face I said this is the fifth and last
time Oh
I couldn't said it better myself no
you're right
uh hmm I'm just best outing words of
wisdom all evening I ain't listening to
a thing then you say I don't even know
what the hell I was thinking
girl you're right the second that that
man walks through that door
I'm gonna dump his ass oh okay okay oh
oh my gosh speak of the devil
Oh